Update UG to account for Git Issues (#209)
AY2324S1-CS2103T-T14-3/tp: docs/tutorials/AddRemark.md

<box type="warning" seamless>

> You must delete AddressBook’s storage file located at `/data/healthsync.json` before running it! Not doing so will cause AddressBook to default to an empty address book!

Reviewer: I think should change to,
```suggestion
You must delete HealthSync's storage file located at `/data/healthsync.json` before running it! Not doing so will cause HealthSync to have an empty patient list!
```
